Ah!
Rong always goes to the club next door to play golf
Just passing by, right?
When we were kids, my dad used to take us to be female
Brothers play golf together
Since his old man passed away
We never went together again
When are you free?
In this way, the eldest brother and the third brother will get together later.
Next week.
Next week happens to be the old man's anniversary
And he's up there watching us all.
He is happy
It's getting late.
I woke up
Must avoid books at night
Or I'll pick you up myself
You took my child out at night
With my permission
Didn't I tell Mr. Liu?
He didn't turn to you.
If there is such a thing in the future, you have to report it in person.
Mr. Long, please respect my freedom, okay?
I don't care where you go
But I have absolute custody of the children
They are relaxed
I have to manage strictly
I'm tired I want to rest
You put me down
I have feet. I can walk.
Don't be affectionate
I'm holding my parents' child now, not
Mr. Long, go out
I want to sleep
Stop pretending you eat like this
What happened today must give your mother a clear understanding
Who is his real son-in-law?
Save unnecessary misunderstandings
Don't worry.
No matter how much my mother picks a son-in-law, she won't pick you
What kind of partner is he looking for for his daughter?
It's pretty clear.
I will never fantasize about climbing a boss like you
Discharge over there